Mr. Xiao's photo of you and Miss Luoyuan
It's all been taken down.
The person that night obviously missed the appointment
Why give me a real photo next night?
Is the chairperson
He is also for the cooperation of Xiao's two families
Take a walk
Can't the two families get rid of the marriage completely?
The next family has already cooperated with us.
Now it's even more important to marry a daughter
Break off now
Doesn't it mean forcing the Xiao family to a dead end?
Then I can't force myself
Marry someone you don't like
Don't worry.
I am responsible for everything I do
Wait until it's over
By fate, I will come to you again
Oh my rain
And I was right.
As long as you are there
This money can make a fortune when we go home
Now that you've got what you want
So are you doing it for your daughter's future?
Pay a price